Add documentation that fixes incorrect audit log setting names (#4653)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/audit-logs/index.md

2. Restart each node.

After this initial setup, you can use OpenSearch Dashboards to manage your audit log categories and other settings. In OpenSearch Dashboards, select **Security** and then **Audit logs**. 

> An alternative is to make initial settings for audit logging in the `audit.yml` and `opensearch.yml` files (which file depends on the setting---see [Audit log settings](#audit-log-settings)). Thereafter, you can use Dashboards or the [Audit logs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/api/#audit-logs) API to manage and update settings.

Reviewer: Can we use a more precise verb than "make"?

You can disable this feature by setting:

```yml
plugins.security.audit.config.resolve_indices: false
```

> Disabling this feature only takes effect if `plugins.security.audit.config.log_request_body` is also set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only disabled if `plugins.security.audit.config.log_request_body` is also set to `false`.
```

{: .note }

#### Configure bulk request handling

Bulk requests can contain many indexing operations. By default, the Security plugin only logs the single bulk request, not each individual operation.

The Security plugin can be configured to log each indexing operation as a separate event:

```yml
plugins.security.audit.config.resolve_bulk_requests: true
```

> This change can create an extremely large number of events in the audit logs, so we don't recommend enabling this setting if you make heavy use of the `_bulk` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change can create an extremely large number of events in the audit logs, so we don't recommend enabling this setting if you frequently use the `_bulk` API.
```

#### Exclude requests

> You can exclude certain requests from being logged completely by configuring actions for transport requests and/or HTTP request paths (REST):

Reviewer: This reads as though "completely" should precede either "logged" or "exclude".

```yml
plugins.security.audit.config.ignore_requests: ["indices:data/read/*", "SearchRequest"]
```

#### Exclude users

By default, the Security plugin logs events from all users but excludes the internal OpenSearch Dashboards server user `kibanaserver`. You can exclude other users:

```yml
plugins.security.audit.config.ignore_users:
  - kibanaserver
  - admin
```

If requests from all users should be logged, use `NONE`:

```yml
plugins.security.audit.config.ignore_users: NONE
```

#### Exclude headers

> You can exclude sensitive headers from being included in the logs---for example, the `Authorization:` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can exclude sensitive headers from being included in the logs---for example, the `Authorization:` header:
```

For a reference on the date pattern format, see the [Joda DateTimeFormat documentation](https://www.joda.org/joda-time/apidocs/org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.html).

#### (Advanced) Tune the thread pool

> The Search plugin logs events asynchronously, which keeps performance impact on your cluster minimal. The plugin uses a fixed thread pool to log events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Search plugin logs events asynchronously, which minimizes the performance impact on your cluster. The plugin uses a fixed thread pool to log events:
```
